release notes for v2022.01.28-0 and v2022.01.28-1 (#678)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/release-notes/v2022.01.28-0.md

---
date: "2022-01-28"
version: "v2022.01.28-0"
weight: 202201280
---

### <span class="label label-green">New Features</span>

> - Add support for Kubernetes 1.23.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for Kubernetes version 1.23.x
```

> - Registry backup and restore scripts includes more user-friendly logging within the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Registry backup and restore scripts include more user-friendly logging within the container.
```

> - Registry backup and restore scripts includes more user-friendly logging within the container.
> - Add support for Kubernetes 1.23.x
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add support for Kubernetes 1.23.x
- Registry backup and restore scripts include more user-friendly logging within the container.

```

because one of these is a lot more important than the other 😆

Reviewer 2: (and also I removed a 's' to fix grammar)

### <span class="label label-orange">Bug Fixes</span>

> - Fix for installing Antrea 1.4.0+ with encryption and without the requisite wireguard kernel module will causing the installer to exit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a bug that was causing the installer to exit when installing Antrea version 1.4.0+ with encryption and without the requisite WireGuard kernel module.
```
